get everyone welcome back to a nice HD
service a more natural section to play I
think due to play the aliens I can't
remember I've got so many videos
recorded at the moment because
something's happening Oh too many
players okay so I'm gonna join the only
marine team nope alright I'm gonna join
the marine team playing the marine side
and gonna see what I can get up to so
something's happening this week it's
going to be the longest period in Innis
to HD history where I'm not around to
actually make videos wow that is a very
fast second command station hey guys we
better defend cafeteria that's a very
fast second command station I don't
think I've seen wearing that fast in a
very long time alright cafeteria is
secure for now that they know about the
fast second comm drop so commander is
blue cloud
one skull cafeteria he's badly damaged
Oh guys this push forward and get bar
for our for our commander
I know blue cloud is a relatively new
commander actually just I actually just
did the previous video was an analysis
of why he was actually unable to win the
previous game and then I was at pains to
point out to him afterwards that it
wasn't because I wanted to be mean to
him it's just because it's sometimes you
just have to analyze that kind of thing
we've got a good pack here guys we
should probably push forward let us know
if you want us to retreat commander
negative let's find it
nothing in locker rooms oh man huge
Skull Crushing terminal oh man we know
we might actually lose this right now
have we got a bacon not I think we got a
bacon damn oh well it's a good score
crush there yeah we over overstretched
which is probably my fault
so I'm just gonna desperately try to if
we run back to cafeteria
get off me
well that's one way to die that's one
way to die so we have lost landing
pattern now we'll be a desperate
defensive cafeteria but it's very
unlikely that we will actually be able
to survive this these scopes are coming
in and the invertible is going down so
that was a fun way to start a game and
it's it's just I mean let's analyze what
happened there cuz I'm in such an
analyzing mood this morning we had a
large group of Marines push round via
cafeteria to bar and then I got all
aggressive and said let's go to lock
rooms it was six of us and it was pretty
much most of our fighting power and the
aliens rushed terminal so a very valid
tactic from the aliens and it was
completely our own falton really a lot
of that was my own fault
well played aliens well played so that's
an example of how not to be a youtuber
that goes in tries to the pipe in a game
because you might get it lost nay blue
cloud blue cloud it wasn't your fault it
wasn't your fault that you lost it was
actually more me the fact that I kind of
led a whole squad around to locker rooms
and we should have stayed back and
defended it wasn't your fault man so
that's it for this initiative do you
guys can I have a record another one
right